when you think steroids gta
are at the end
rockstar proves that there's always going to be a
letter on the sleeve and some new
happened a new easter egg was
discovered and a part of it already had
been shown by some insults bis
but it turned out to be much more
complex from what appeared to be
and so you can understand the easter
egg you have to do some steps
first play a mission again
of strangers and crazy people and for this
to happen
It's logical that you have to have
unlocked this mission and the following
first dialogue I will leave so that
you can see why it is simply
weird fuck franklin he talks
The dog is very strange but he
communicate with each other and respond as you
You will then be seeing this dialogue.
because it gets to be quite funny
I'll leave it so that you can see
and like to be america
nor israel runs the black book and
lgbt of 2 thousand followers
the coffin
keep the hand and the ox and
to knife her cap spec lighthouse is from
karl and master in a house on the street mauá in
Then the blitz was gone.
chile myrna the thing begins to get
very strange at this time because
just out of nowhere the dog disappears and
franklin does not know what happened
if he disappeared occurred or was a ghost
and we'll already have an explanation
for this
so the dialogue with the guy will end
You get your cell phone and access the
internet in the search bar you
write chaos right
ch es and an enter so that you
Can I search you?
redirected to a website is not a site
common atheist site is that it is the
website members do not believe in god
and 7 some very strange things and
bizarre as they wonder if you
want to play god and what about
complement of guideline
look at this family and look at a dog
which is with him very much like
The one there and to be sure for the
sure that is him
look at the photo and the place was really
the tree with the family totally dead
and the dog in the lower left corner
it's simply the same dog that helps
parachutist there it gets very hot
without much strange things in this photo
first because it has children thing
you will never ever see in gta
So this picture shows a child.
inside the game is that the same place the
dog that was killed right?
This is a site that only fans are
inviting to play god in that god
kills people and I found this a lot
nothing to see more beauty and within the
site has something else also a link from
be god where there is an island and if you
want to get hit again will lead to
a flood that this is not done
Haitian reference to that held a
change killing many people but this
it's an easter egg it was the same dog
dog you give helped you
talked to him is very tense guy he
appears the dead law so it was a
ghost of a dog a dog
of that family and this I found
very cool allied with a medium
complex so kind some people
had even Dave Davies had posted
this site with these photos but the part of
mission
no one had ever done it until then
doing now then that was the steroid
very cool it is so in part 19
best game premieres but what brings
first hand to you here because
I think you're going to like it.
next if he liked the video was a
like favorite book is not entered
that at least once is very welcome
My name is daniel Sign up on the channel and
is it guys spread in networks
social
share the well is helping me
much in the disclosure is I walk back
here since I have already my campaigns
Do you know by description my twitter?
everybody responding to twitter
So follow me on twitter, make yours.
ask me anything I'll tell you
reply
have a personal facebook link too
No, I can not answer everyone there.
but I went out to add it has a new page
which I thought was high altino in
dollars so it's great dogs the depression
liked it in the future hit video of the game
this number means more could stay
big big big for who 's here
now
crazy and stay god